What you're seeing on screen is actually with respect to a github uh
Copilot. If it is a Java Prog program, right, we might be making use of an
eclipse which is an integrated development environment.
If we are using Python,
then we might be making use of a Jupiter as an integrated development environment.
Now,
uh these
integrate ID es
they have plugins. Now um the you know, the copilots can
uh can easily plug into the ID E.
So typically when a developer, you know, they go ahead and uh write, you know,
they write a function, right.
So they will be able to, so the moment they start typing a function or write a text,
say convert hexadecimal to uh color code, right?
So then it will
um
you know, it will start uh writing that code.
So it is it's basically a pair programming.
So through copilot will be quick in a position to quickly uh you know,
generate the code.
It also helps in
uh remediating that code
and also it helps in, you know, the test case generation.
So this is um with this is a simple gen A I application for code generation.
And completion that we are seeing over here.